"x"
"1" "\"The good news is, all of you are uniquely qualified to make sure this guy who is uniquely unqualified does not become President. You just got to vote. You just got to vote. And the nice thing is, you don’t just have to vote against that guy because you’ve got a candidate who is actually worthy of your vote—who is smart, and who is steady, and who is tested, is probably the most qualified person ever to run for this office, and that is the next President of the United States, Hillary Clinton.

Hillary, she just works through whatever is in front of her. She’s got grit and she’s got resilience. And if she gets knocked down, she just comes back up and she goes back at it. And she knows, most importantly, what the decisions that a President makes means to you.  

This isn’t abstract stuff we’re talking about here. If you’re a student, whether you get a Pell grant or were able to make sure that you don’t have a mountain of debt when you get out of school, that depends on decisions that are made in part by the President. If you’re a soldier, whether you get deployed to some far-off land, that is up to the Commander-in-Chief. If you’re a young person who was brought to this country as a child, has grown up as an American but maybe doesn’t have the papers and now you’re trying to figure out how you can contribute to this country you call home, that is something the President has influence over. Veterans, seniors, a single mom who needs some help with child care—that’s what these decisions are about. And Hillary understands that, and she knows those folks need a champion.

And she’s actually got plans to help. She’s actually got plans. The other guy is not a big plan guy. She’s got plans. She can show you how she’s going to make sure more people have early childhood education. She’s going to show how young people can have more affordable college education. And while she’s executing those plans, she’s also going to respect working Americans and the values we care about.\" —President Obama"
